[Autogenerated] Okay, here we are in visual studio code.
This is my preferred code editor.
You can use whatever code editor you feel most comfortable with,
but this is the one that I prefer to use in the left pane.
I have all of the exercise files loaded and the one we're
going to be working with in this case is one Dash Dev cache
VPC The directories go in order.
So as we move through the modules and examples,
we're gonna be going from one down to nine.
Now, let's expand out what's in the first directory in there,
we have a number of different files.
The configuration itself is in Maine .NET e f and I also have the
commands we're going to be running in commands.
.NET y-axis thead.
There's two files in here.
Back end dot t f dot rename and peering dot t f dot rename.
Those are going to be included in the terra form configuration.
As we move into a different example,
I also have a terra form dot t f bars that example file.
If you're following along, this has example variable values.
You can simply rename this file to terra form .NET vars set
the values for whatever makes sense for you,
and then terra form will pick up those variables and
use them in your configuration.
Speaking of that configuration,
let's go ahead and open up main dot t f and see what's in there.
All right, The first thing we're doing is setting some variables,
so we're setting the region we want to work with.
We're setting a VPC cider range of 10 000 slash 16.
We're setting the public sub nets for our VPC to 10 000 slash 24
10 1.0 slash 24 and we're setting our database sub nets to 10.0
dot 8.0 slash 24 10.0 dot 9.0 slash 24.
Now, these are just the default values that I put into the variables.
But you can override those with the TF bars file or in line with dash
var commands scrolling down a little bit further.
We get into the provider definition, and as you can see,
we only have two things set in the provider.
We have the version pinned at version two .NET x,
the tilde with the greater than symbol.
Let's tear for him.
No, that it should stay on to dot x of this provider.
So when version three comes out, it won't bump you up to three.
But if 2.8 comes out, it'll move you from 2.622 dot eight.
We're also defining the region we want to use for this specific provider.
Okay, so we got that.
That's out of the way.
Let's scroll down to data sources for data sources.
I am querying for the availability zones in the region
that we have selected in this case.
It's us East one.
So this is going to pull the full list of availability zones so that
we can use them when we're configuring our VPC.
And if we scroll down a little bit more, we get into the use of a module.
Remember?
I talked about modules a little bit earlier.
Modules are reusable bits of code that can be used in your configuration.
In this particular case,
I'm using a module that's posted on the Terra form registry.
If we go over to the browser,
this is the Terra form registry which you confined at
registry dot terra form dot iOS.
And if we select browse modules,
it will take us to the most commonly used modules.
And look at that terra form dash AWS dash module slash vpc is
see the second most popular module in the group,
and that's the one we're using.
In this case.
If we click through on that module,
it's going to give us instructions on how to properly
use this module in our configuration.
Now let's go back to V s code in the module block.
The source argument says, Where can you find this module?
And because we're using one from the Terra form registry we can Just give
the name of the module and then we also have to set a version for the
module because newer versions come out and we want to be a little bit
careful about which version we're using.
We don't want to break things.
The name of the VPC in this case is Dev Dash vpc We're using the cider range
that we defined in our variables for the availability zone.
We're using the slice function and what the slice
function does is it takes a list.
In this case, we're getting the list of availability zone names,
and it slices off a piece of that list, starting with zero,
which would be the first element and ending with two,
which would be the third element.
Because we're counting from zero now.
It doesn't include that third element.
So in this case,
it's grabbing two availability zones from our availability Zone data source.
Under public sub nets,
we are giving it to the list of public sub net cider ranges
we want to use scrolling down some more.
We're creating our database sub nets by telling it,
What's the database sub net cider ranges we want to use?
And then, if we want to apply a consistent tag for those sub nets,
we can set the sub net type tag to database,
and I'll just make it a little bit easier to find.
Finally, we are applying some tags to the VPC itself.
We're setting the environment to Dev and the team to in FA,
which is short for infrastructure.
All right, sounds good.
And then, lastly,
we've got some outputs here and we're going to make use of
these outputs in a future module four outputs.
We are out putting our vpc IDE the name of the database sub net group,
and then finally, the list of public sub nets that are generated by the module.
So that's the entire configuration. Now let's take a look at the commands.